Add section about tracestate (#1)
axw/elastic-apm: docs/agents/sampling.md

In addition to propagating the sampling decision (boolean), agents must also propagate
the sampling weight to ensure a consistent weight is applied to all events in the trace.

> This is achieved by adding a `w` attribute to our [`elastic` `tracestate` key](agent-development.md#tracestate) when calculating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is achieved by adding a `w` attribute to our [`elastic` `tracestate` key](distributed-tracing.md#tracestate) when calculating the
```
